content/about_me/_index.md, before:

---
title: About Me
description: Learn more about the personal life of Luke Short.
---

[Home](/)

{{< image src="../images/profile_luke_short.jpg" alt="Luke standing in front of mountains" set="fit" >}}

Hello there!

I'm Luke. I was named after Luke Skywalker (no joke) and also happen to really love Star Wars. At heart, I'm a true nerd. I love going to conventions such as DragonCon, MegaCon, Star Wars Celebration, and the Star Trek Cruise (yes, [it exists!](https://www.startrekthecruise.com/)). In my spare time, I enjoy programming, playing video games (such as Minecraft and Halo), playing table-top games (such as Dungeons and Dragons), and reading good technical books.

I lead many community groups, including CloudCFL and Kubernati, with a focus on improving our skills and encouraging others to bring out the best in themselves. I strongly believe that it's important to be part of the community because it's both inspiring and infectious to geek out with other like-minded folks. My mentees are equally mentors to me in return.

After living in Orlando, Florida for most of my life, moving to Colorado was one of the best decisions I ever made. With the outdoors, seasons, and mountains, there's almost nothing for me to complain about. One day soon, I hope to buy a house and set down some roots here.

I'm a "beauty school drop out" (a la Grease). I dropped out of college to focus on real-world experiences and certifications (another one of the best decisions I've ever made). With over 8 years of cloud and development experience, I never stop trying to learn new skills (both technical and soft) to better help me on my journey through life. Currently, my full-time job at VMware is a role as a Senior Kubernetes Solutions Architect with a focus on technical pre-sales. Most of my demos, architecture design, development, and side projects are all done on my Chromebook. I'm very passionate about the entire Chrome OS ecosystem, which is why I'm also a [Technical Writer for Chrome Unboxed](https://chromeunboxed.com/author/luke/).

My wife and I keep to a healthy vegan diet and lifestyle. A few years ago, I thought I could never give up a simple thing like cheese. Turns out, I didn't have to! We've adapted and found similar alternatives to meat and dairy products that taste amazing. At home, I love to experiment with new ingredients and recipes. My drink of choice is Pepsi with grenadine. You should try it sometime if you haven't!

Traveling is a big part of my life. Every year, my wife and I try to go on multiple trips around the United States and sometimes even the world. Whenever possible, I bring her along with me on my work trips as well! My favorite place I've been to so far is Switzerland (which also happens to be where my family originated from).

Thanks for stopping by and learning a little bit about me. I truly hope you gain something from my series of blogs! I love to learn from others as well, so feel free to reach out and chat any time!

[Contact](/#contact)

---

Personality:

- Hogwarts House = Ravenclaw. "Wit beyond measure is [a hu]man's greatest treasure!"
- [Star Trek Captain](https://www.startrek.com/news/which-star-trek-captain-are-you) = James T. Kirk. "I don't believe in the no-win scenario!"
- Star Wars Character = Luke Skywalker. "I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you!"

Commit message:

[about_me] Rephrase the Pepsi sentence
Mention how Cherry Pepsi can be taken to the next level.

content/about_me/_index.md, after:

---
title: About Me
description: Learn more about the personal life of Luke Short.
---

[Home](/)

{{< image src="../images/profile_luke_short.jpg" alt="Luke standing in front of mountains" set="fit" >}}

Hello there!

I'm Luke. I was named after Luke Skywalker (no joke) and also happen to really love Star Wars. At heart, I'm a true nerd. I love going to conventions such as DragonCon, MegaCon, Star Wars Celebration, and the Star Trek Cruise (yes, [it exists!](https://www.startrekthecruise.com/)). In my spare time, I enjoy programming, playing video games (such as Minecraft and Halo), playing table-top games (such as Dungeons and Dragons), and reading good technical books.

I lead many community groups, including CloudCFL and Kubernati, with a focus on improving our skills and encouraging others to bring out the best in themselves. I strongly believe that it's important to be part of the community because it's both inspiring and infectious to geek out with other like-minded folks. My mentees are equally mentors to me in return.

After living in Orlando, Florida for most of my life, moving to Colorado was one of the best decisions I ever made. With the outdoors, seasons, and mountains, there's almost nothing for me to complain about. One day soon, I hope to buy a house and set down some roots here.

I'm a "beauty school drop out" (a la Grease). I dropped out of college to focus on real-world experiences and certifications (another one of the best decisions I've ever made). With over 8 years of cloud and development experience, I never stop trying to learn new skills (both technical and soft) to better help me on my journey through life. Currently, my full-time job at VMware is a role as a Senior Kubernetes Solutions Architect with a focus on technical pre-sales. Most of my demos, architecture design, development, and side projects are all done on my Chromebook. I'm very passionate about the entire Chrome OS ecosystem, which is why I'm also a [Technical Writer for Chrome Unboxed](https://chromeunboxed.com/author/luke/).

My wife and I keep to a healthy vegan diet and lifestyle. A few years ago, I thought I could never give up a simple thing like cheese. Turns out, I didn't have to! We've adapted and found similar alternatives to meat and dairy products that taste amazing. At home, I love to experiment with new ingredients and recipes. My drink of choice is Pepsi with grenadine. It takes the concept of Cherry Pepsi to the new level!

Traveling is a big part of my life. Every year, my wife and I try to go on multiple trips around the United States and sometimes even the world. Whenever possible, I bring her along with me on my work trips as well! My favorite place I've been to so far is Switzerland (which also happens to be where my family originated from).

Thanks for stopping by and learning a little bit about me. I truly hope you gain something from my series of blogs! I love to learn from others as well, so feel free to reach out and chat any time!

[Contact](/#contact)

---

Personality:

- Hogwarts House = Ravenclaw. "Wit beyond measure is [a hu]man's greatest treasure!"
- [Star Trek Captain](https://www.startrek.com/news/which-star-trek-captain-are-you) = James T. Kirk. "I don't believe in the no-win scenario!"
- Star Wars Character = Luke Skywalker. "I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you!"
