content/resume/_index.md, before:

---
title: Resume
---

[Home](/)

# Luke Short

- [Contact me](/#contact)
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/luke-short-cloud

I focus on showcasing potential stakeholders the value of integrating Kubernetes and DevOps best practices for their organizations. By identifying their needs in the industry, I help guide them towards cloud-native solutions that will allow them to make money, save money, and reduce risk.

# Work Experience

- **VMware - 2021 to Current**
    - **Senior Kubernetes Solutions Architect**
        - Architecting and delivering hybrid cloud solutions.
        - Automating full end-to-end deployments of both infrastructure and applications.
        - Actively involved with technical pre-sales conversations with potential stakeholders.
        - Pair programming alongside stakeholders towards a cloud-native design.
- **Red Hat - 2017 to 2020**
    - **Cloud Architect**
        - Architecting and delivering hybrid cloud solutions.
        - Automating full end-to-end deployments of both infrastructure and applications.
    - **Senior Cloud Software Engineer**
        - Designing and developing deployment and life-cycle management tools for Kubernetes and OpenStack.
        - Meeting directly with stakeholders to discuss and iterate on feedback about our products.
- **HostDime - 2013 to 2017**
    - **DevOps Engineer**
        - Architecting and delivering V.I.P. stakeholder solutions.
        - Implementing public and private clouds built with OpenStack.
        - Implementing highly available and distributed HTTP clusters.
        - Infrastructure tool development using Python.

# Certifications

- Cloud
    - Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
    - Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)
    - Certified Kubernetes Security Specialist (CKS)
    - Red Hat Certified System Administrator in Red Hat OpenStack
- Linux
    - Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)
    - Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)
    - Red Hat Certificate of Expertise in Ansible Automation

# Technical Expertise

- 8+ years of experience with...
    - Cloud: Kubernetes/OpenShift, AWS, and OpenStack
    - Virtualization: VMware vSphere, KVM, Xen, docker/containerd, and LXC/LXD
    - Programming: Go and Python
    - CI/CD: GitHub Actions, Tekton, and TravisCI
    - Linux distributions: Fedora (RHEL), Debian (Ubuntu), and Arch Linux
    - Packaging: Docker, RPM spec (Fedora), DEB src (Debian), PKGBUILD (Arch Linux)
    - Load balancing: HAProxy, IPVS, and keepalived
    - HTTP: Apache, NGINX, PHP-FPM
    - Databases: MySQL/MariaDB, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL
    - Storage: Ceph, Gluster, NFS, iSCSI, and Samba
    - Automation: Ansible and Puppet
    - Technical writing: [Root Pages notes](https://rootpages.lukeshort.cloud/), [Android Police](https://www.androidpolice.com/author/luke-short/), and [Chrome Unboxed](https://chromeunboxed.com/author/luke/)


# Testimonials

- "Luke has both the assertiveness and emotional intelligence to be a great leader." - J. R., Systems Engineer
- "Luke is perfect for any customer-facing role." - M.F., Principal Solutions Architect
- "Luke is an excellent public speaker." - D. H., Director of Technical Sales & Support
- "Luke, your smile at work is infectious!" - C. H., Delivery Lead
- "Luke is a smart and hard worker who works in a fully team and customer centric atmosphere. Always available for helping his team mates, always smiling and positive." - G. C. , Senior Software Engineer
- "Even if Luke retired early, I know he would never stop learning about new technologies and working on side projects." - J. M., Delivery Lead

Commit message:

[resume] Update resume
List latest Sales Engineer job.

content/resume/_index.md, after:

---
title: Resume
---

[Home](/)

# Luke Short

- [Contact me](/#contact)
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/luke-short-cloud

I focus on showcasing potential stakeholders the value of integrating Kubernetes and DevOps best practices for their organizations. By identifying their needs in the industry, I help guide them towards cloud-native solutions that will allow them to make money, save money, and reduce risk.

# Work Experience

- **VMware - 2021 to Current**
    - **Advisory Kubernetes Sales Engineer**
        - Identifying stakeholders’ financial and technical challenges through on-going discovery sessions. 
        - Challenging stakeholders to think differently about their problems and the value our solutions provide. 
        - Creating custom cloud-native architecture, integration timelines, and defining success criteria. 
        - Weekly product and value demonstrations to IT/engineering teams as well as C-level executives.
    - **Senior Kubernetes Solutions Architect**
        - Architecting and delivering hybrid cloud solutions.
        - Automating full end-to-end deployments of both infrastructure and applications.
        - Actively involved with technical pre-sales conversations with potential stakeholders.
        - Pair programming alongside stakeholders towards a cloud-native design.
- **Red Hat - 2017 to 2020**
    - **Cloud Architect**
        - Architecting and delivering hybrid cloud solutions.
        - Automating full end-to-end deployments of both infrastructure and applications.
    - **Senior Cloud Software Engineer**
        - Designing and developing deployment and life-cycle management tools for Kubernetes and OpenStack.
        - Meeting directly with stakeholders to discuss and iterate on feedback about our products.
- **HostDime - 2013 to 2017**
    - **DevOps Engineer**
        - Architecting and delivering V.I.P. stakeholder solutions.
        - Implementing public and private clouds built with OpenStack.
        - Implementing highly available and distributed HTTP clusters.
        - Infrastructure tool development using Python.

# Certifications

- Cloud
    - Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
    - Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)
    - Certified Kubernetes Security Specialist (CKS)
    - Red Hat Certified System Administrator in Red Hat OpenStack
- Linux
    - Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)
    - Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)
    - Red Hat Certificate of Expertise in Ansible Automation

# Technical Expertise

- 8+ years of experience with...
    - Cloud: Kubernetes/OpenShift, AWS, and OpenStack
    - Virtualization: VMware vSphere, KVM, Xen, docker/containerd, and LXC/LXD
    - Programming: Go and Python
    - CI/CD: GitHub Actions, Tekton, and TravisCI
    - Linux distributions: Fedora (RHEL), Debian (Ubuntu), and Arch Linux
    - Packaging: Docker, RPM spec (Fedora), DEB src (Debian), PKGBUILD (Arch Linux)
    - Load balancing: HAProxy, IPVS, and keepalived
    - HTTP: Apache, NGINX, PHP-FPM
    - Databases: MySQL/MariaDB, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL
    - Storage: Ceph, Gluster, NFS, iSCSI, and Samba
    - Automation: Ansible and Puppet
    - Technical writing: [Root Pages notes](https://rootpages.lukeshort.cloud/), [Android Police](https://www.androidpolice.com/author/luke-short/), and [Chrome Unboxed](https://chromeunboxed.com/author/luke/)


# Testimonials

- "Luke has both the assertiveness and emotional intelligence to be a great leader." - J. R., Systems Engineer
- "Luke is perfect for any customer-facing role." - M.F., Principal Solutions Architect
- "Luke is an excellent public speaker." - D. H., Director of Technical Sales & Support
- "Luke, your smile at work is infectious!" - C. H., Delivery Lead
- "Luke is a smart and hard worker who works in a fully team and customer centric atmosphere. Always available for helping his team mates, always smiling and positive." - G. C. , Senior Software Engineer
- "Even if Luke retired early, I know he would never stop learning about new technologies and working on side projects." - J. M., Delivery Lead
